It is so doable to get AI to do more for you. My AI did over 8 hours of work without me having to be the one driving it. Things from like managing all my inboxes, rescheduling meetings, they found like new business, sent out like the right Stripe link to someone, so like made money technically for me. >> But you said the biggest problem I see with most people is that they ask how to build their first agent when they should ask how to build their first playbook. Think of a playbook as just step-by-step instructions. Whenever an AI follows your playbook, it will do work the way that you want it done. So, let's actually walk through what running one of these playbooks looks like. This one playbook alone tripled the number of projects that me and my team do. I am going to start in Claude chat. Before we get into the episode, I have to say that it's pretty surreal to me that I get to do this and record this show for you guys and so many of you tune in and leave comments and likes on the content. The reason why I do this show and I record every single week is that I want to show that anything is possible. Any dream, any delusion that you have in your mind right now, you can bring it to reality. One of my goals at the moment is that I have this crazy delusional dream that this time next year we'll reach a million subscribers on this channel. And so if you click that subscribe button, the promise that I'll make to you is that we're going to improve this show every single week. And so I want to take you on that journey with me. So hit that subscribe button and let's get into the show. Rachel, if someone's watching this video with this feeling that when they're using AI in their lives that they're being so much less productive than other people that they see online, they're seeing people working with a ton of agents and these complex like AI workflows and they just feel behind and there's an anxiety that comes with that. If that human being is listening to this conversation right now, what is going to be the value if they listen till the end? >> Well, I think first you can realize that you're not maybe as behind as you might feel and then second that it is so doable to get AI to do more for you. It's just about understanding like the mindset shifts oftent times and then the structure, the way to think about your work to then get AI to do so much more. And so I know it sounds abstract, but what I'm really excited about of what we've prepped today is going through our exact method of playbooking and like how do you actually get AI to go do so much more for you and setting all that up. So at the end of today, everybody who's listening is going to have really that framework and know how to go do that. >> Yeah. You know, uh, Rachel, one of the reasons that I was so excited for this conversation is that I think when you spend time online and in this space, there's so many people that are like quote unquote experts, but they just got into talking about AI and you've been doing this for nearly a decade. And so, one thing that you even shared with me before we started talking and you said this, you said, "When I was at Facebook and I first started using this flavor of AI, I was mind blown." And it took me a couple of months even to wrap my head around it. And like I said, you've been in this space for nearly a decade. And so I want you to just rewind before we get into to playbooks and AI agents and how people can be more productive using them in combination. Can you just go back and give us that context of like how you even got started with AI and then what specifically got you so excited that 10 years later you and I are having this conversation in New York and you still have that same level of excitement like what is it that you saw? >> Yeah. Um, so I guess I like to describe it as I feel like I was just a nerd and then I became a cool nerd because the world started caring about all this AI stuff and it also got way more powerful, right? Versus whenever I first started in it. Um, but I think helpful context for people is like I don't have an engineering background, a computer science degree. Like I taught myself everything that I know in AI even. And um, I ended up landing a job at Facebook and their AI research team. And because it was a research team, we got to work with some more like experimental type of, you know, technology. Um, and just how it happened, I ended up working with the flavor of AI that now is the same flavor of AI that powers chatbt and claude and all these tools. Um, they were, you know, language models, right? Everybody's maybe heard of large language models. Yeah. >> These ones, we weren't even calling it that yet. We're like, you know, in hindsight, they're probably pretty small language models. But um yeah, just from that role, I had exposure to what was kind of coming up and new in AI um but then became so hooked and have just been working with this flavor of AI ever since. So >> yeah, you know what it's like um and I'm sure you even have like a deeper perspective on this. It must be surreal for you in a sense because the reality that you just described of like when you first started using AI is worlds apart I'm sure from like when you're working with clients today or even like in your own work how you're using AI just to make that so clear and tangible for people. Can you kind of just describe those two worlds of like you kind of gave the the essence of what it was back then? >> Yeah. The the very nerdy guy, [laughter] right? >> Yeah. But speaking today, >> yeah, >> what is AI like? What are you seeing even when you're working with clients and even in your own work in terms of what AI is actually capable of doing and how far is that removed from where it began for you? >> Yeah. So that's where I feel like just the way that my life has worked out. It's been this like perfect storm because yes, there's a super nerdy side of like how it works. But um the other kind of piece of me is I've been an entrepreneur since I was 15. So my very first business was a photography business and my clients would have to pick me up in their cars and take us to the locations which my parents loved, I'm sure. Um, but uh, yeah, and I I learned about how to do marketing and like all this stuff through that business. And so I've just kind of been this like business builder wanting to create things and then also so curious about technology and I get a lot of that from like my dad and my family and then that kind of coming together. Um, what ended up happening for me was I was at Facebook. I was very in the weeds on the tech and I um ended up actually really falling in love with the wine industry out in California because I was living in California at the time and in particular the people building businesses in the wine industry and it ended up just being this aha moment of like well wait a second if AI understands language and at that time it could start doing things right so you could like give it a prompt and it could write an email for you or write u marketing copy or do all these different things and then the other side of my passion was like really helping these businesses that had become a lot of my dear dearest friends um I ended up seeing like oh actually if we could combine AI and business in this way maybe there's something there and this again was before chatbt um so I actually ended up leaving Facebook raising millions of dollars to build an AI enabled winery platform for winery small business owners to them grow and market their business because they want to spend their time in the vineyard. They don't want to spend their time um you know necessarily marketing or writing emails. So we were using AI to do it. Uh somehow just those two things coming together as made me just obsessed with this very specific um problem of like how do we just get way more done with AI helping us take things off of our plate. >> Yeah. You know, I actually can't imagine what that experience is of you're super early to this technology and you almost have this like light bulb moment that this is going to change the way not only uh we operate in our day-to-day lives as humans but specifically for entrepreneurs because you've mentioned your background is that like that's really how it started is you as an entrepreneur like this is going to change how we run businesses holistically for everyone. >> Mhm. I can't imagine having that thought almost like independently like probably with like a small group of people other people have that same thought. Yeah. And then it's like the world catches on >> and then all of a sudden it's like um I think speaking to you today so many people are trying to figure out like everyone's trying to figure out >> how do I use AI in my business to run more productively to save time or to make money. And so I really wanted to go back because there was something that you mentioned when we spoke a few weeks ago that I wanted you to elaborate on and you said, "I help train people on how they can be the ones that are operating with AI and I show nontechnical ambitious people how doable it is." And there was a couple of things there that I wanted to key in on, but the first thing is how they can be the ones operating with AI. That wording felt very intentional to me. Why do you say it like that? Operating with AI. What does that mean? >> Yeah. Well, first of all, like I think what a like pointed observation that you even just have around it has been weird. Just being really candid. It's been weird being like I think that we're going this way with how we work, but also the technology hasn't really been there. Um, and to put that more concretely, like I think the the way the tools work today, it is truly doable for anybody. But even when ChhatchBT first came out, like getting to this state of the business runs the way we, you know, say we want to run, like that wasn't doable. Um, and so I would say really the last like 3 to four year journey has been about figuring out how to make it as doable as possible with the tools. And really six to nine months ago, the tools changed a lot where now it is so doable. So it just feels like now is really such a special moment where it is never been this easy to be this person. But that that's the tool side. The hard part is the thinking. And I will say that is the thing that I think people who've been messing around with the tools a lot over the the years, that's the thing that they've really honed in on is the way to think with AI. in this kind of more operational way. Um that if you're newer to trying to figure this out, that's the number one thing to prioritize is like how do I actually really start to like operate? So what does operate mean? Um to me it's like operations is just the idea that you can organize your work so that it works the same way or works as you expect. Doesn't feel chaotic and that helps you get more done. M >> um and having that like mindset shift of kind of again like being really operational and and thinking about like a system that you might want to set up. >> Yeah. You know, so I I know that you're and you're really the first person that I've heard speak about this which is why I'm excited that you're here. Um the concept of like the playbooks uh your playbooking system. Two things I want you to share with people and the person that's sitting at home. The first one is when you say operate with AI, what does that even look like? And then what happened 6 to9 months ago? Like what was the shift that happened 6 to9 months ago where you say that for the everyday person who you know is probably very similar to how you started out like they they're not technical, they weren't this coder, software engineer, um they didn't have this background, this deep background in tech. what happened 6 to9 months ago that made it that made it way more doable for them to begin operating with AI. Okay, so if you're watching this episode, you're probably in the early stages of starting your business. And some of the questions you might be obsessing over are how do I get more customers or what does it take to sell to bigger companies? And after talking to some of the brightest marketing minds in the world, I can confidently say that the answer is trust. Which is why I wanted to tell you about the sponsor of today's episode, Vanta. Vanta is the market leading agentic trust platform that gets you compliant fast with in- demand frameworks like SOCK 2 and ISO27001 and HIPPA. And when you present these frameworks to potential clients, it just shows them that you take security seriously and have strong practices in place and it makes it much more likely that you're going to close the deal. Take Hyperbound, a wide combinatorbacked startup. They use Vanter to get compliant proactively, proved to enterprise buyers they take security seriously, and they unlocked the Fortune 100 in less than a year and generated $1.5 million in under 3 months. And so you can also access the Vant agent everywhere you work, even in tools like Claude, which is why Vanter is trusted by more than 16,000 companies like Ramp, Harvey, and Writer. And so if you want potential customers to trust you more, hit that link in the description to get $1,000 off at vanter.com/calum. This is a guest research document that my AI agent Ava sent me the other day. And so if you've been interested in building your first AI agent, you're going to love seeing how easy it was for me to create her using Hyper Agent. And so the reason I even wanted to do this in the first place is because before every episode, I'll go on YouTube and I'll watch all the podcasts that our upcoming guest has been on. And I do this because I want to make sure that I ask questions that they've never been asked before. But this process was so timeconuming. It would cost me at least 4 to 6 hours every single time. And so I wanted to create an agent that could do it for me. I didn't even know if that was possible. But I just came in here to hyper agent. I clicked create with chat and then I answered a bunch of questions about the agent I wanted to build and then hyper agent just built Ava for me. And so now instead of spending 4 to 6 hours watching podcasts, I just tell Ava to do it for me and she sends me a Slack message with the final research document. And Ava is actually my third AI agent. I have another one that does my episode outlines for me and then another one that finds potential guests for the show. And the really cool part is they actually work together like employees. So after Ava completes her research document and I approve it, she hands it over to my outline agent who then uses it to help create the final outline. And so if you want to start building a team of AI agents like this for your business or maybe just in your personal life so you can be more productive, just hit that link in the description to sign up for a paid plan and you will get $100 of bonus credits with Hyper Agent to do exactly that. >> Yeah. So to give you a mental image of operating, let me just tell you like a real thing that happened to me. I a couple months ago got like extremely sick and uh like you know middle of the night waking up every hour. >> Yeah. >> You know and you're just like you probably know the feeling like >> I've had that. Yeah. >> And you're like wow there's no way I'm working tomorrow. And I think a lot of us often times you like have this habit of like I'm just going to push through anyways and like still try to get you know stuff done. Um, but I was just in a state of like I just know I like can't uh can't work. And so I was like, well, okay. Um, I know that I've set up my AI operations, my playbooks to be. It was already at that point doing a lot of work for me, but let me let me really put it fully to the test. And so what I did was I opened up my laptop and I typed one word which was todaying is the word that I used to start my main daily routine playbook. And because I'd already in the past organized all my work into this playbook structure and we'll talk through it's actually really kind of a system of playbooks like I've already organized everything. my AI is able to just go and start doing all of that work the way that I want it done without me having to be there like in the chat fighting with it or telling it what to do next or really thinking. I just really like again typed one word and it went off and did all this stuff and it did um I go through the list but I went it did over eight hours of work without me having to be the one driving it because I'd already thought through the operations of how to do it. um things from like managing all my inboxes, rescheduling meetings, figuring out the meetings that did need to get rescheduled. Um it used my proposal writing playbook uh which we'll uh go through today to fix a proposal for a client and send that off. It found like new business um sent out like the right Stripe link to someone. So like made money technically for me, you know, just like um and there's a lot more. I ran like reporting for some of our webinars, built a new funnel. Um, all because I'd already like set up the operations, set up the structure of the work. So then I don't have to be the one driving anymore. It just like operates on its own. >> Yeah. >> So, so when you describe that experience, which is an incredibly relatable one, right, of like it's the middle of the night and you can feel the sickness of like I'm not going to be working tomorrow. Yeah. >> And so when you say that the the the playbook that you ran essentially meant that AI worked for eight hours and did a lot of the tasks that you would have been doing if you were healthy. >> I think a lot of people want to get to that space. >> Y >> and simultaneously a lot of people when they hear that experience they think oh like agents like that must be agents are running. >> Yeah. But then you talk about playbooks and so can you just clear up and maybe those that the distinction for people of like AI versus AI agents and now they're listening to this to our conversation they're like okay playbooks >> can you kind of just clear all of that up and like what is the distinction was it even agents that were running that process like how does that all work together? Yeah. So, the short answer is yes. It was agents running all of that work, but the agents weren't just like willy-nilly on their own deciding what they wanted to do. They were following what I've thought through as my process and my operations for my work, aka my playbooks. So, playbooking really is like the it's the technique. So, it's definitely like our term that we use for how to structure your work in a certain way. Um, and what you get out of a playbook is whenever an AI follows your playbook, it will do work the way that you want it done and that you can actually trust it. So, because it's doing it the way you want it done so that whenever it comes back to you, you know it's correct. So, you don't have to again like fight with it, correct it, give it feedback. Once you have the playbook set up and it's working well, then you know that you can like hand off that work reliably. And then on the like what is AI versus AI agents? Uh, I think of it as like AI and agents is like a spectrum and all agents are are AIs that can do more for you without needing your approval. Like they're more autonomous. They have more agency. So you have some agents that are um pretty simple and they can go into like a tool and figure a little bit out before they need your input. And then you might have seen online like people are like I've got an agent that's running for three weeks, you know, and it's because they have an agent that's set up to be able to make way more decisions and have way more agency on its own. >> Yeah. you know, can you and and I um I think first of all, right, because it sounds like the way that it's working within your company is you have you're using AI agents, but then you also have these playbooks like this technique and this system of instruction that the agents are operating off, which means it can just do way better work. Like the agents themselves can be way more productive. >> Yeah. and we can actually trust them because they do work correctly, which you need if you're trying to do real work instead of trying to just do like cool oneoff demos, right? Yeah. >> And and one of the things that you even um shared and I'm sure you won't mind me sharing this is your business, you have a small team, you have 10 people. If you just had to estimate like rough estimate, I want to make this so real for people the value because you have you have 10 people but then you also have agents working with these playbooks. What would you estimate is even the value to your business in terms of time that you're saving in terms of like quality of work even in terms of like revenue of actually having this system of agents that are working with these playbooks and then also humans involved like specifically for that agents plus playbooks like what is even the value to you of having that set up? I mean, it's immense. Like I um even just as you were talking through that, I was even just like, man, I haven't even slowed down recently to really realize just how our business could not exist without playbooks. Um and so and to take that more like tangible uh one example is at the end of last year when we were making our kind of like 2026 plans and again this is kind of before and um we can get back to the like what changed in the tech question because it definitely accelerated even our own work but um the yeah at the end of last year I had planned in my like headcount that we would grow the team by probably three to five people in a certain department. Um, it was around kind of our our core like content and research and student support area of our business. Um, which for context for people, we again train people on how to learn how to teach AI how to do their work. Um, and so yeah, there's just a lot that we build out and we expected we would need to have like a three to five person growth and like headcount. Over the beginning of the year, like um the first couple of months, I end up playbooking the core parts and responsibilities that I had had on that headcount and we actually have hired zero people to do that. Um, and part of that is we were able then to take that investment and put it in other things, which has been great. I mean, everybody on our team playbooks, everybody is growing what they're able to do every single day because they're playbooking work and doing more and focusing on what's next. But that was a huge change for a business of our size of thinking we would need to have five more pe three to five more people and just be able to have playbooks do all of it. Um, you know, one of the things just to give it make it again more tangible tangible as possible is like whenever we have students go through our programs, um, we found getting really specific advice on not just like how to learn how to playbook, but like what are you trying to playbook and what's your draft of it and how can we give you feedback and tips based on the hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of we've written. We actually have playbooked the act of giving that feedback so that we're able to give like one-on-one extremely detailed coaching and there's still a human involved in that um process to make sure it's still really high quality, but we would never be able to have something like that for our students that like the way the business is set up like without playbooks. >> Yeah. Hearing you talk about it, what comes across is that on the business side, it's helped you get more from like the resources that you have and like your business being more productive and efficient, but then also just personally for you, it sounds like it's saved you time. It's kind of given you more head space and made you personally more productive. you describe the fact that um when you speak with people, especially people that are they're using AI, but they feel like they're kind of behind when they see how other people are using AI. >> Part of that uh problem and challenge is that they're constantly chasing the ne the new tool, like the next tool. And you even said this, you said, I think one thing that's really hard is the way that people talk about AI. It makes you feel like you need to chase the next tool and I think people are tired of that because they're not usually getting the results that they want. >> Mhm. >> What's the value of playbooks in that respect? We have a philosophy, own the playbook, rent the tech. Because if you really, again, think of a playbook as just step-by-step instructions that you're giving to an AI that then the AI will follow and you know that when it follows that, it's going to do a good job and you're going to get value out of the work. So once you make that playbook, you can run that same playbook in chatbt, you can run it in cloud, you can run it in cloud chat, claude co-work, cloud code, like any of these tools that have an AI that can follow instructions. you can run your playbook there which means then you don't have to feel like locked into something like I know I talked to a lot of people who are worried that they're they were in tra they switched over to Claude and then they're like well what happens if I'm like building up all my skills in Claude for example and then now something else comes up if you're playbooking you're really taking ownership and thinking through how you want the work done and you're making these I'll show you like documents ments that then when you go to another AI tool, you can just take those documents and put them up there >> in that new tool. You don't have to like rebuild things because you've made the piece that matters. You've made the playbooks, the operations. >> One of the things that I noticed and it was about 6 months ago is that people that were like deep in AI and like these power users started getting extremely excited. It's funny because I even remember the conversation that we had with um Alli Miller Alli um a few months ago on the show and she was working like harder than she ever has before because it was like with all these new capabilities that AI has it felt like there was this opportunity right now. And it's interesting because if I was going to contrast the way that she would speak about AI and the excitement that she has with kind of like the more everyday person that I would talk to who was just kind of getting into using AI and maybe they've used chat GPT or Claude here and there but it's definitely not like a central fixture of their life. That person contrastingly just felt a lot of anxiety >> um and felt like really behind. And so I'm curious to to to hear from you of why that disconnect has even come like what is it that's making people like Ally and it sounds like even yourself so excited about AI in the last few months and like how it's developing and then what is the biggest difference between how someone like Ally or someone like yourself is using AI versus the everyday person? Mhm. Yeah. I mean, so the specific thing that changed was really skills. So, if anybody hasn't used skills yet, um really what it is is a way to save um a set of instructions inside Claude has it like front and center, but if you're using chatbt or copilot, they also have places where you can save skills. And what's so great about skills and what really changed a lot is that once you save those instructions there, you can have your AI use them whenever you need it. So for us, we save our playbooks in skills because then whenever we want to use that playbook, the AI already has it loaded up. It can use it and start running it automatically. Before all of that, to get your AI to remember things or to have kind of saved workflows or all these different stuff, you usually had to be in like an automation tool. Like maybe some people have heard of like a Zapier or NADN had like a really big moment. I don't know if you remember that. >> Yeah. Well, those tools are they're great for um kind of heavyduty stuff because they have all this, you know, making sure it doesn't break and like notifying you and um controls, but they take a long time to set up. So, if you think about if you're trying to get AI to do work for you and you're trying to build out your operations like we're talking about, um you have to spend a lot of time making each individual thing. With skills, it's just one file that you save inside Claude or Tatchb or any of these tools. And that is just so much faster. I can do build up a whole new department for myself if I just playbook playbook playbook playbook playbook and that can be something I can do in an afternoon instead of it being something that took me like months. So that small tech change made it so much faster. It also made it so much easier because um the once you save the instructions, the AI will follow it. So really the skill is learning how to think through your work and make good instructions. Um that's where playbooking really helps. And that's something that's uh yeah, like I can help you learn how to do that so much faster than I could help you, you know, learn all these in-depth automation tools. That's just a little bit of a um yeah, just a little bit further out in terms of like the tech skills required for that. not not doable but I'm just saying you you can get so much done with skills and that is uh yeah really changed the pace a lot. >> Yeah. So >> from what you've just described it's like for the people that are using this technology the most effectively today not in the future today with skills and with playbooks and with agents. it's actually possible to have AI running your business in a way that it's either helping you make money or saving time or be more productive. And so, you know what? I just want to I want to get right into it. And I also to begin because I know that you're doing content. You have over 47,000 followers on LinkedIn. Uh you're doing YouTube as well. Like you're on all the social platforms. you have your a business that you run um and then you're also just living your personal life. Can you just share high level to begin with examples of how that system of agents, skills and playbooks, how that's working together like specific examples of systems that you have within that and what's the impact for you? >> Yeah. So to talk inside our business for example, we have a marketing system which has um even in there like subsystems for all the different things we do in our marketing from um thinking about and writing all of our newsletter to doing our funnels for any of our like webinars um that we host or any other campaigns. We have playbooks for reporting. Um because I mean that's actually one of the impacts of playbooking is then think of all the things that you wish you had time to do that it's kind of crazy for you to spend your human hours doing. So you're like okay it would take me three hours to go and analyze all the data from a webinar for example. So that's just in like the marketing side in um even my own like personal life my personal operating system. I have everything running off of a daily routine playbook, which I call my todaying playbook. Um, and what that does is like all the standard kind of like calendar, email, checks um, our task manager tool to see like what's overdue, what I need to pay attention to, but then that playbook also has access to all of these other playbooks that I can go and like delegate work to. So the impact again is that one, you know, this system I've set up can go and do all of this work the way that I've already described of how I want it done. So I'm just sitting there kind of like [laughter] watching it thinking about what else I want to do next, right? >> Um and so it's it really just completely changes >> Yeah. how how it's been working. >> Yeah. I I think there's so many people that are listening that would that just feel so like slammed when it comes to their work. Like they constantly feel like there's like this microscope and uh there's never enough time in the day and they're like trying to squeeze more in and they just do not have head space. That would love to be in the reality that you just described. And so I would like for you to share your screen and then also um I'm just curious of how it even gets started of like we've kind of spoken about the the playbooks and the agents and the skills but showing us what that actually looks like. So let's just let's get into it. >> Okay. So let's actually walk through what running one of these playbooks looks like. >> Let's do it. Um and I am going to start in claude chat but remember that you can do this in like claude co-work cla code chatgpt cop like any of these tools. So um in order to run a playbook in a tool you do need to have it saved already. We'll go through that in a little bit with a different playbook but I am going to just pull up one that I already have saved. Um and how I have them saved is in my skills. So I think um we can run my planning projects playbook which actually um we haven't even talked about this one playbook alone like tripled the number of projects that me and my team do because it helps with the project planning process. >> Okay. >> And then it also like does a bunch of the work which is super nice. So um to run a playbook I can just say um planning project playbook uh let's plan a project um for hosting a playbooking and pino uh happy hour party in Austin Texas. >> So essentially just any project or anything that you'd want to do inside of your company >> we start >> this is where it starts. Okay. >> Yeah. And so what's happening in the background and it kind of went a little bit fast but is it went into its settings and it pulled up the planning project playbook. So then the AI went and read my whole playbook and it's starting with the first um initial questions. So um part of what I have the playbook do to start is uh ask clarifying questions to help me think through the project a little bit more. Um so for this one, what's the main context? It wants to be a community event. Let's do medium size budget. And then it'll go through. And so you can see here it's starting to follow the playbook. Um, and this is where we can get into this more, but part of really getting AI to do what you want is really deciding like what do you want? >> So, um, in this playbook you see it says like clarify the pitch. Well, we call our projects instead of like project briefs, we call them pitches. So that's like why it's saying that. So these are the types of things as you think through your work, you can get really specific. So again, the AI does like work the way that you want it done. Um but yeah, so start following uh the process. Um so following step one, uh what does playbooking mean here? What are they going to do? Let's say um just pick some of these. if I was actually doing this project, I would be thinking about what am I wanting um it to plan. You know, I I I know that a lot of people talk about obviously you're spoken about agents. >> A lot of people talk about uh using AI as like a consultant or like as an adviser and this part of it seems like that's what it is for you of like I can imagine that most people even in their business or even if they're at work like at their job, >> it's like you a project lands on your desk and then you're kind of like sitting there initially by yourself like how do I even go about this? Totally. >> This is like a really easy first step that you've like playooked out and it's AI almost working as a consultant advisor like kind of coaching you through. >> Yeah. I mean, a great way to uh think about this is if I were to hire an event planner, they're not just going to like wing it every time they start planning out events or project manager, they're not going to wing it when they start planning out projects. They have a playbook that they follow. Yeah. And so that's why um uh that also gets into like this playbook is set up to ask me for input. You don't have to do that with all of your playbooks. In fact, most of mine just run a bunch of steps like on its own. But this one, I want it to plan and kind of like work with me when it's planning the projects. That's why it's like stopping and asking. >> So anyways, it can go through and uh you know, answer the questions it has. Um once it confirms, here's the pitch. Does that look right? Looks good. Then it will move into doing step two, which this is another thing again in the playbook of planning a project. Um, one thing I believe in is that your first idea is not always your best idea. So, it's better to come up with multiple ideas and then pick the best one. >> So, we playooked that into this playbook. it comes up with multiple approaches of how to do this project and then recommends the best one. Um, [snorts] and so this one is saying okay here's option ABC my recommendation is option A and I can say yes. Um, okay. So then it's going to step uh three. We can just click through these. And what it's doing now with this step is clarifying the timeline and tasks and drafting a full plan. Um, and this is my demo account. I believe I have my ClickUp connected. We'll see. Um, let's see. Draft timeline tasks. It's saying, okay, here's the project. Here's the tasks. Um, looks good. the thing that comes across even as I just see it doing the tasks and like even the exact idea that you're going through and everything typically or historically that probably would have taken like a few hours of you like sitting down probably in the beginning of your day when you're like fresh and like really thinking from first principles and like planning everything out to get to this >> and at least for me I always forget stuff. >> Oh, I'm the same way. >> Right. >> Yeah. >> And so then not till like later. So, for example, this is our general um project planning playbook, but we have an event planning playbook specifically for like our webinars and other community events we host online. And that playbook is really in depth with all the stuff that we've learned about webinars. And so, like, you know, don't forget to make sure we have the reminder email like sequence scheduled. Don't forget to do this, this, ask about this. um like you can make these playbooks really really do a lot of work for you over time just even remembering stuff which is huge. So >> um but this is what I want to get to. So again we're in this project plan playbook we did >> um step three was drafting timeline and tasks and for this playbook what I have it do is go through and um tell me which tasks it could do instead. So it's going through and saying okay like designing the icebreaker activities AI could draft this >> um you know reviewing the plan you need to do it etc. And when I say that looks good it builds that all into the final document so that not only do I have like the project planned but then the AI has all the context it needs so that it can just start going and doing those tasks. Um, >> so you can kind of immediately start to see where the integration even and we'll talk about this more later, but with agents like with actually doing work on your behalf. >> Yeah. >> You can kind of see that handoff of like you're kind of involved in the beginning and then at a certain point I'm assuming that the agent would actually start to do things on your behalf. >> Yeah. And then for this it's um now adding it to ClickUp. Um, it's going to need uh me to give it, let's see, access to go find what list to add it in. >> Um, >> and the ClickUp part is what? So that it's like a project management. >> Yeah. So this would be similar to like an ASA or like a monday.com. So, this is one of the things whenever you're um writing out your playbooks, you want to think about you can have playbooks that run without access to any tools. Like, I have tons of playbooks that I don't need it to connect into anything that I um any other tools in my work, but you can also have playbooks that are, you know, connecting to your task management tool or your email or your calendar or your Slack or whatever. Um, and for those it's really just a matter of uh getting clear on what you want the AI to do in that tool and writing that in the playbook. Um, which really helps with like trusting that it's not going to go super rogue in all of your tools [clears throat] because you've told it what you want it to do. >> Yeah, >> you set the boundaries and the conditions >> and the guardrails. Yeah, this is my demo ClickUp uh list and so just added my Austin playbooking and pino happy hour with all of the context and information. I mean, when's the last time you filled out a task management tool this thoroughly by hand or ever? Like my problem was like I never filled things out. [laughter] >> Yeah. >> In the tool, but has all the subtasks. >> That's pretty cool. >> And this is how we start every single project at our company. >> Yeah. >> Because then um I know I can do the tasks assigned to me, other people on our team can do the task assigned to them, the AI can do the tasks that it thinks it can do. Um yeah, it just accelerates like crazy. But it if I were to now open up another tab and start planning another project, it would run that same playbook in that same way. And that's how I know that I'm going to get good quality work >> out of it every time. >> You know what? I want to I want to do this next. I think this is going to be really exciting for people. Two other playbooks that you have. So one is your LinkedIn like writer playbook and then you also have like a sales proposal playbook. Could you just quickly like high level kind of show how you use those two playbooks? Like what's the trigger and then what's the output that you get at the end? And then we'll actually start to get into the steps of like how someone could build their first playbook. >> Yeah. So um I think helpful context is so we just ran the playbook, right? But again, going back to where it's saved, it's saved inside my skills in Claude, the planning project playbook. And what this looks like is it's the trigger whenever um the user or me wants to start a new project, that's when it starts. And then I just have that process here. So I do this for like anything in our work, we have written out as these step-by-step processes >> in this structure. >> In this structure, yeah. um which we'll get into more in a second, but I say that because it's going to look really similar to and I show this. This is a LinkedIn post writer playbook. And I actually don't have it saved in there yet so that I could show how how you save these things. Um but this is uh you know, it looks a little prettier because it's in our template that we use um in our uh in our teaching, but it's still the same thing, right? I thought about my LinkedIn postw writing process and I have it um take in raw thoughts, figure out what I'm actually trying to talk about, ask follow-up questions, reframe it different ways, and then draft the post and edit it to make sure that it sounds like me. Um, and that's that playbook. Then proposal writing, you know, in the sales part of our business. So, completely different. Um, and actually other people on our team run this too. Uh this is a playbook that helps to write a proposal, right? Where the inputs are for this, we take a transcript of a sales call and information about that um person from our CRM where we save all of our sales data. And then uh for this playbook, we're you know pulling the call uh checking if we have any any internal team feedback of what we can and can't do for that client and then drafting the proposal following our template um reviewing and then turning that into a PDF and then um drafting emails and putting it back into HubSpot. So, uh, it really when you look at your work, sometimes it can feel like, oh, maybe there's not a lot of repeatable stuff. Like I hear a lot not a lot of repeatable stuff or not a lot of like process already. But if you kind of um just slow down and think about it, you can actually make playbooks out of I mean really like anything and everything. Uh, I have not met a process or type of work that I couldn't playbook. um you just might need to shift your mindset or how you do that type of work a little bit. >> It's clear that it's definitely a mindset and I'm sure that once you make the switch, you actually start to see these opportunities to playbook tasks like everywhere everywhere in your life and in your business >> everywhere. >> And one thing actually cuz I want you to I just want to make it so real for people. >> Can you take us behind the scenes for a second? I believe the last time I went in your LinkedIn, you have over 47,000 followers on LinkedIn. So, when you're thinking through like drafting a post that begins with you just kind of having like a raw thought like kind of take us through high level, what does it even look like you using that playbook to actually get to a final post? anytime I have um an idea or I just know I need to build out the content for the next like couple weeks, I'll come in and I'll use my uh Rachel LinkedIn posts playbook, which if I go into the back here of it, um is uh literally just the playbook is saved here and then I have instructions saying uh your job is to write the playbook or is is to write the Let's see how um I think it's uh unethical these days to show up to a meeting and not have your AI have done any research. Uh I care about valuing people's time and uh I think everyone should do this. So a little little spicy take. >> Yeah. But the thing I like about it, I feel like everyone has those moments where you're either in your work day or like you're in the shower or whatever and you just have a thought >> and then you're like, "This feels like it could be a piece of content, >> but then you just don't have a way of turning that thought into the final thing quickly." I mean even um uh one of the ways that I have this playbook saved in my like main todaying system is that I can just uh save raw ideas and then whenever I want to write content I can just have it run through a bunch of them too. Um so you can you can set this up in a million ways. Just depends on like whatever your uh workflow and preferences are. though. Um, so what it's doing is it's following step one of going through, okay, what's the point? Uh, why does it matter? Um, what's your proof? That's what I have, uh, in my playbook. And then, um, I can say this sounds good. And now it's going through and asking me questions, followup questions to make it more in-depth, which is again what I have in my playbook. Ask follow-up questions. Um, I also because I'm lazy have it give me a possible answer, right? Like when you start thinking about your operations, you can have your AI do anything. So, you might as well have it like ask questions and give you the answers too, >> right? Um, you say, "Okay, sounds good." Or let's say I didn't agree with those, I would correct it. Um, and then this is something that I learned over time is that in my content, if I'm just making it for my like by hand, I often try to think of like how am I currently framing this or thinking about this and is there a more compelling way for the people that are going to be reading it? And so again, I have my playbook do that um which is coming up with different ways to frame what I'm trying to say so that then I make sure I have like a way of communicating it that lands. So for this like here are five ways we could reframe whatever um I'm trying to say around showing up to meetings and it's even recommending um which one sounds most compelling. So I have one and then now it's going through and writing it in my >> [snorts] >> uh tone. So So then I take this and because I do still care about my content, um you know, I'm making sure that I'm reviewing it and editing it where I need to uh and making sure it's still representative of my work. But um yeah, just every single thing that you do in your day can be turned into these little small times saver things. And then whenever you start to really think about how do I um set up bigger and bigger systems like this, that's whenever you have more and more time savings. Like it it just compounds, right? >> I want to get into actually how people can build their first playbook. And there was something in particular um that you shared. We were actually when we were speaking over email and I thought it was so good and so instructive in terms of how you think about this because you said the and I'm paraphrasing but you said the biggest problem I see with most people when it comes to using AI more productively is that they ask how to build their first agent when they should ask how to build their first playbook. And so to begin, can you just share with people just make it clear the distinction between the two of like agent versus playbook and then why is that question of how to build your first playbook actually the better question to ask than how to build your first agent? >> Yeah. So if you're using um let's say I'll show you in Claude chat, right? Whenever you type something in here, um, let's say like, uh, find me a, you know, wine bar in, uh, Midtown New York City that has reservations open. This is already an agent because it's going off autonomously and doing things for you and finding things um, using tools like it's searching on the internet. And so if you're using really any AI tool that goes off and does stuff, you're already using agents. So like you're actually already there. Now I think the next question is well uh are you 100% happy with what you are getting out of the agent? Well, oftentimes no. We want it to be more reliable or it's not quite doing work the way we want. Or for me to say I have agents run off and do eight plus hours of work. That sounds crazy, right? the way that you can get to the place where it's doing what you want is by giving it a playbook to follow. >> And so that's why yeah, I think a really really easy step, super doable for everybody is to go through to go through taking something in your work, breaking it down into a step-by-step process, and then giving that to agent and that's it. Then you've playooked your very first thing and then that's going to become the snowball that's going to help you do tons of other stuff. >> Yeah. Okay. So, so, so when you say the the point that you mentioned earlier about you were able to do like it was able to do eight hours of work for you, but then also and again I see people post about this online and I'm like is this just a hype thing of they have multiple different agents working together and like handing things off to each other? Would you say that's near on impossible unless you have some sort of playbooking system in place? It's definitely possible, but you're just not going to be able to control what it's doing. >> So, um I'll give you an example here. I um I'm pretty sure Claude chat lets you do sub agents, but we'll see. So, um so, okay, great. Now, can you spin up sub agents to go and do this research for downtown wine bars in 10 different US cities? >> And so, >> as it's doing that, can you explain what is sub agents? >> Yeah, so that's when you're saying there's a an agent that's handing off stuff to other agents and they're all working together. >> Yeah, I'm using the terminal. I also use GitHub. Yeah. So we are in cloud chat and um you know I had asked find me wine bar um in Midtown New York City. So now I'm in cloud code in terminal and if I just ask that same thing um of course it's going to go and use an agent um to search on the internet and find those wine bars. And then one of the things that's probably helpful for people uh to know is I have it right now as you can see like asking me a bunch of questions and for permission and stuff. Um you can in Claude tell it to not ask you for permission and that's one way you can get it to go be more autonomous for longer. You can also in your playbooks tell it to not stop and ask you for feedback. Just keep going. And that's another way to get it to go for longer. >> Yeah. So it's more autonomous kind of in the way it works. >> Yeah. Um so okay so it just found a bunch of uh wine bars around here. So now if I say okay great now can you spin up sub aents to go and do this research for downtown wine bars in 10 different cities. I could even say like then when it comes back um uh compile into a uh top 10 across the world um across the US list in this agent. Um what Claude is going to do is spin up another like copy of itself to go work on that for 10 different cities. >> 10 different cities. And so then a question I think people um uh or like there's a question of like why would I even care about sub agents? Is it just because like it sounds cool? Well, for this it's because we're going to get the work done faster because we're letting 10 AIs go out and do the work all at the same time um versus if we had it do it one on one by one then that would be slower. So >> So yeah. So, as you can see here, I've asked it to spin up sub agents to go and do the research. And so, it has 10 now background agents all going on their own and doing all the research to then come back when they're done and as I've told it to compile into a top 10 across um the US. So, this is you don't have to like build anything. You could go try this right now and you would already be using agents and it's super powerful. But this is a pretty simple task. >> Yeah. You know, this is so Okay, let's I I want to get into the steps. So, step one, and I want to kind of give you the steps and then let you just explain it. >> Step one is pick a repetitive task that you do often. And one of the points that you make is that you should prioritize momentum over the best use case. Can you just can we start right in the beginning because I'm sure as even as people are uh listening to this and ideas are starting to fire about like potentially what their first playbook could be. When you're talking to entrepreneurs or even people that are like they have a 9 to5 and they want to be more productive. Is there typically like a first playbook that you would recommend people start with or even a way that they should think about like what is the first repetitive task that they should even make into a playbook? >> Yeah. So, I think part of what's really important about getting started with this stuff is you could easily spend like tons and tons of time trying to find the perfect first thing or even a good first thing when you in that amount of time could have just written your first playbook. So, I would even just really push people to not think hard about your first one. Even if it's something super simple like in your personal life, um meal planning every week could be a playbook. Project planning is a great playbook. LinkedIn postwriting, even if you don't write on LinkedIn, that could be a good first playbook because your first playbook is the hardest one. you're learning how to take what you do intuitively and write it in a way that AI can follow it. >> So then your second one is so much easier and so much faster. Third, and by the time you're at your fifth, you're going to feel like a pro. And you're also going to start to see patterns and like, well, wait a second. Like we talked about, you know, a playbook that's going to research restaurants is really similar to a playbook that could research guests or research potential industries um to be in. So, I would just like start on your first playbook and go because you're going to get that momentum that's going to help you um yeah, really actually get your first playbook built. >> Um but okay, if you're really looking for stuff, my favorite four places are any process you currently do. Um your calendar is a great place to look for playbooks, especially looking historically over the last couple of months and seeing what's recurring in your calendar. Um, think about with any meeting that's recurring, what's the prep you do for that meeting? What's the follow-up you do to that meeting? And my favorite thing is which of your meetings could just be a playbook. >> There's so many meetings that could just be a playbook. >> Um, >> could you could you give some examples of like even moments where you found that out where you were like, we have this recurring meeting. >> Oh yeah. >> And it was should just be a playbook. I mean project planning is a a great highle example but recently the webinar event planning we used to have a meeting where we would talk through and make all of the decisions live and then make our task list and we were still using templates. We were really organized and all that stuff but we realized once we playooked it that then we didn't have to be live on a call doing it. So instead now one person on our team runs one playbook and then they hand off the outputs to the other person that runs the other playbook and we're done. Mhm. >> It's like totally there's so many things like that. So that's your calendar. Um your to-do list is another great place. Again, um repeat things on your to-do list. And then the fourth place is your wish list. Like what would you do if you had unlimited time? Those are oftentimes really great playbooks. Um but yeah, I just wouldn't overthink your first playbook because you're just going to get in the momentum and then that's that's the hard part is your first one. So >> yeah. Okay. leading directly off of that cuz you say you make the point that the first playbook that you build is going to be the most difficult and I'm just thinking that for anyone that's listening at home that it's like in that difficulty they almost like they drop off or they don't build the playbook to the level of efficacy that you have. And so part of the reason why the first one is so difficult and you even mentioned this is that we're not used to instructing AI or telling AI how to do things that we do. And so I know that you have a template of like how you actually build these playbooks and like the components that you go through and actually moves us really nicely into step two which is to think through and plan how you do the work. And then you mentioned that there are four components of the playbook. We'll even put it in the description, but can you just share with people what this template is and how they should actually go about filling out this template? >> Yeah. So, we call this a playbook outline. So, the way I think about is like don't jump in like you're writing a book and you're just going to start typing and you're just going to go and write the whole thing in one go. Think about it like you're going to outline your work because that helps you think through it before you get stuck in the weeds. Um, but any type of work that you want AI to do, you just need to come up with these four pieces. First is the trigger or what starts the playbook. Um, good examples of triggers are either things like a schedule. So, every Monday morning I want to run this playbook or um an event. So after every meeting, I want to run this playbook. Those would be examples of triggers, but that's going to help you figure out what's kind of like the start or of the book end of um the work. Then you have the inputs, which is what are the things I'm going to give to the AI. Um and these I like to think of are like you've already trained the person, but what is the stuff you're going to give them each time they're going to do the work? So, in a um meeting recap playbook, for example, that would be like the transcript for the meeting, the people at the meeting, the time and date. Those are the things you're going to need to have as the um inputs to the playbook. And then it's really thinking through the steps, right, of like, okay, what do I actually want the AI to do? And like we've gone through today, um you can get really detailed in like how you want work done. Like I've I've tried to point out um like I have weird ways that I write LinkedIn posts and that I plan projects and stuff. So that's why I have my steps structured like this. Yours could be just however you want AI to follow that process. >> Um and then your output of what are you actually going to get out of the playbook? Why are you running it? And really like uh why I suggest starting there is again this is the hard part of actually taking your work and thinking about it in this way. But once you can write down your outline like everything else becomes so much easier because you know what you want the AI to do. >> Um so yeah so that's the second step. And then the third step is to go in and actually start writing it. If you notice in my playbooks, like there's a lot more in here than just the inputs and the steps. I also have all this extra stuff. >> Um, we probably don't have time today to go into all of the weeds, but um, this is a template that I can leave with you guys so that uh, people can um, at least follow some of the structure of just seeing how to write really clear steps. >> Yeah. >> The other thing I like to warn people whenever you look at these, you're probably like, "This is a lot. like am I really sitting here and like writing out by hand? >> I was gonna ask that. >> Yeah. Um, of course you can use AI to write these, right? Um, I use AI to write mine all the time. >> I recommend your very first playbook though, actually doing it fully by hand. >> Yeah. >> Because it's one of those things that once you have the like tactile feeling and understanding of, >> then you can review the AI's work and actually know, you know, how to fix it and what you're doing. Um, but you want to start out uh really just doing it by hand so you know intuitively how to do it. >> Yeah. >> Um, >> that was actually my question. I was like, do you have a playbook on writing playbooks? >> Yeah. >> Uh, >> we have many. >> Yeah. And what's also interesting is like the way and now we're getting into a little bit more of like kind of the where this goes, but the way that my uh you know playbook writing playbook works is actually different than like Hannah's on my team. Like like her the way that she really thinks through working um and breaking down her work is going to be different. It's it's kind of a personal thing, but that's really when you get into like operating with AI is you start to learn how do you want your operation structured and then build it that way? >> Yeah. You know, from those four components, so you have the trigger, you have the input, um you have the steps, and then like the finished output. Is there one that when you're working with clients, you find that they typically either just completely overlook or they don't do it in any way near enough depth? I'm just curious for the person that's doing this for the first time, like what's the what's the miss or what's the part that they would overlook or just not spend enough time on that could actually lead them to getting like a pretty poor playbook? >> Yeah. So, these are definitely more of an art than a science. Um, I will say so, uh, I don't want this to discourage anybody from starting to make these cuz like you're going to write it and you're going to run it and then you're going to improve it and that's just part of the journey. But after you write your first one, some of the things I would go back through and look for, especially if it's not working the way you expect, is people often times have their steps be too big. Um, an easy tell is if you have the word and in your step, do this and this and this and this or even a list of things. If it's not working like you want, then break it up into smaller steps because then the AI um it's kind of like grape vines where it's going to spend all of its energy trying to do this step one step at a time. And so if you have a lot of things you're asking to do, it's going to be worse at that. So I would split your steps up. Um, and then the other thing is the more unique to you the playbook is or what you're asking I to do, the more you're going to have to explain. So if you have like a special process or special acronyms or something, um, those are the areas to spend more time giving it more context or more examples because it's going to be just unique to you versus other things that are more generic. you know, it's going to be better at without um needing a lot of explanation >> on the on the because you even mentioned uh like examples because here you have like the the Google document of your uh playbook and it's written out and all the steps. Will you have like screenshots and images and like how deep does the examples go in terms of especially when you say making it unique to you and wanting to provide more depth? Does screenshots does images does that come into it? >> Everything that you can think of that can help you get a more specific playbook is going to help you get better results. Um there is like a don't fix what's not broken. So I always encourage people write your first playbook, get it running and then decide like where are the actual issues and then do a second pass on it. Um but if let's say it's struggling to understand like your writing style, great. Load it up with more examples of your writing style. Even have a side conversation with AI like I'm trying to build out a brand guide for my writing style. Here's all these examples. like the more that you can get specific where the AI is struggling to understand what you want, that's what's going to help you get it end up doing the work the way you want it done. >> So then we have uh so you have step three, which is write out each step to the depth of your expertise. And then I want to move really quickly onto step four, which is save it in your AI tool. And you're talking about skills and custom GPTs. Maybe if we rewind for a second because I know that you've kind of uh what you're showing is this Google document. When it comes to even someone outlining and building out their playbook, >> it sounds like especially for the first one, it's in a document, you're writing it out. At what point does this go over into Claude? Because what you showed us was like a skill. At what point does it go over into Claude and it's now like a Claude chat or interaction? Talk to me about that step four of like saving it into a tool and what that looks like. Yeah. So, um if we were imagine maybe this is helpful even just kind of like a little bit blank page of a brand new playbook. If I thought about like my trigger um of like I want to write a LinkedIn post and then my inputs are my brain dump of what I want to talk about and then my steps might be like um you know like what we had in there like clarify the point three follow-up questions and just for um brevity like you know write the post etc. And then my output is the LinkedIn post. This is what I suggest doing by hand is that thinking that level. So it can be really easy then going from this to this. And again this is because we have a template for people learning how to do this. It could also like this is a playbook as well, right? Just uh written without it being in a template. You can use AI to help you get there to really just like >> to flush it out. >> Flush it out. Yeah. Um, but I do all of that in a document because then you're not uh making yourself stuck in one of these AI tools. Once you have one of these documents, it becomes really easy to just go into file download. You can do any of these, you know, PDF and grab it. And then there's um kind of like a way to save this in every tool in Claude. Um and I can also include this so you can put in the show notes too of like how to configure. >> Um but in Claude you just you log in and go into a chat and we actually have a little like prompt >> for building skills >> for converting a playbook into a skill. >> Yeah. The reason we use the word like configuring is because you could even technically just go into a skill and you could copy and paste and type it over. This makes it formatted it all nice. That's why we like the prompt. >> Yeah. >> But you've already done all the thinking and all the hard work and all of that is yours and lives in your document. >> And so I could set it up here. I could set it up in chatbt like again any of these tools. Um, but what it did was it went and uh it created the skill file. Um, saying let me know if you have any edits before I finalize. Um, that sounds good. Whenever you're running this, like we always recommend kind of scrolling through it and reading it just to make sure [laughter] it's aligned. >> Um, so either you can tell it in chat and it might just be only the desktop app that lets you do that. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, I think you're right. Um, but otherwise it's really not hard at all. You just go to customize and you can go to add and upload a skill >> and then you just drag in the file that you just created. >> Yeah. So there it is, LinkedIn Post Writer. If I open it up, it's the playbook. And so it's really nice is like again um I've done all of the thinking, all of the work already. I don't have to um I'm not relying on like this AI tool and how uh you know the feedback I'm giving and I'm fighting with it and all that stuff. I just have the process saved. And then to run it like we showed earlier, if you just go into chat and you go to new um you can just say LinkedIn postwriter playbook um of course can't type when you're on the spot. That's why we whisper into our computers these days, right? Um, but yeah, what it's doing is it's loading up my skill and then running it. >> It's following the steps. So, okay. So, just to to summarize for people, it's typically you're starting in like a a document and you're even, especially for the first time, you're even like writing out the outline of it. You then actually at a certain point you have this template. Once you have clarity on the outline, it's cool. It's good to use AI to actually kind of help flesh out certain details. You're then checking that. You then use that together with the prompt that you have for building a skill. You put that back into Claude and then it's building the skill and then you save the skill. So at that point you're you've created your playbook. Then I think what you've just demonstrated is step five which is run it. But then there's a second piece when you say and when the output's wrong fix the playbook not the message. Can you explain what that part means for people? >> Yeah. So part of again what we're doing here is we're operationalizing like we're creating these processes, these playbooks that should reflect how we want the work done. So, especially when you're writing your first one, if it's making a mistake, then the natural tendency is to say, "Oh, um, you know, you forgot to include, um, like three questions here." Like, let's say I wanted step one to work a little bit differently. It's natural to come in here and try to give it feedback in the chat, but then you know if you open up a new chat later, it may remember that probably won't. Now it's this thing that you're just like, I feel like I've corrected this like a thousand times. So, what's better is to actually go back into your playbook and let's say the feedback that I wanted to give it was like, oh, I actually instead of asking the follow-up questions in step two, I want to extract um the one point, you know, with follow-up questions and I wanted the response to say the point and the proof source and follow-up questions, you know, or whatever the change is, I would just change it here. Um, >> so rather than rather than correct it in the specific chat, you're actually going back to the original playbook, fixing it there so that every time that you run the playbook, uh, following on from that, it's okay. Yeah. >> And then you can once you've edited it, you can just download it, re-upload it as a skill. Um, there's also again faster ways when you're in here, uh, of being able to have it edit itself, can have playbooks whose job is to improve other playbooks. Like you can get really complex here. But again, I recommend starting simple so that um, you just get these playbooks working in their kind of first go. Yeah. M you know cuz I before we get out of here I wanted to uh I wanted to revisit that point of like having a team of agents working together using like a team of playbooks and I even asked you about that before we got into this uh conversation and I wanted to read what your response was cuz I was asking basically is it just pure hype cycle this idea that you can have a bunch of agents working together you know the the AI power user that talks about having I have 17 different agents that are running my company or doing various tasks. I asked you if that is that real and you said yes but not the version you see on social media. What genuinely works today is that you would have multiple playbooks that hand off to each other where each one's output is well defined enough to become the next one's input. And then you went on to say that's real. It's what my own morning routine actually is. And it works because a human designed the layoffs. Can you describe that end piece of or explain that end piece of it works because a human designed the handoffs? And then also, can you just take us behind the scenes of your morning routine? Um, you said that's actually how you're even doing your own morning routine. What does that look like? So when you think about using AI this way, right, with playbooking, um, and then you want to have all these sub aents and all these, you again, it can get complex fast, but it's actually super doable if you just start to think about it like you're designing a human team. So what do you have over a bunch of people? You have a manager. Well, that manager can either wing it or that manager can have like their own kind of processes or playbooks of how they're delegating work and making sure people can collaborate together and um beyond. And so, uh, one of the things I, um, thought would be helpful is like a visual is just explaining, um, in some kind of simple diagrams like what I mean by having like you can have a manager playbook and then really have, uh, almost like subordinate playbooks that are meant to be run by that manager. >> Um, there's then different ways just like people, there's different ways to manage teams. So you can have one playbook that um that playbook's job is to kind of like figure out what needs to get done and delegate all of the work. You can also have other playbooks who um are managing by like taking in requests. So for example like support tickets um in your business. You could have a triagger playbook that is uh analyzing the request and figuring out which of your subordinate playbooks needs to handle it. whether it's like the payments playbook or the customer uh you know success issue playbook or whatever. Um and you can keep getting more and more complex from there. And so um that's really like how whenever we're talking about that we have playbooks running our business. We build like from the ground up with those. We build all the individual smaller playbooks and then we build like the manager playbooks as those subordinate playbooks are um good and work and then we kind of keep uh building up from there. And that's what my todaying like my daily routine one is is it's a manager playbook that every single morning has like a set set of things that it's looking at and then based on um uh there's certain playbooks it always runs like triaging my email, pulling my calendar digest. There's also playbooks that it chooses to run based on whatever needs to get done um like executing sales tasks or writing proposals and all that stuff. Um, and that the way that I have that playbook running right now, it almost feels like I have a chief of staff, right? That again, the chief of staff isn't like winging it every single day. They have a process that they follow of how they run my daily routine. And um, that's how that playbook is structured. So, uh, I did create like a, um, graphic to kind of show like at a high level how I have my kind of like personal OS structure because I thought that that would be helpful for people. Um, and then, uh, we can try running my today thing. I was straight up like one of the hardest things I'll say about demoing especially when you have a business that has like real work is like we have we're under so many NDAs of all of the things that we can't even >> what you can share. >> Yeah. So even like my calendar tomorrow I know has NDA [laughter] stuff on it. Um but um but yeah it's it's so um again the the structure for even like a manager playbook is just the same thing of the trigger the inputs the steps the outputs so if you learn that one skill of playbooking you can really build >> you know you know what really comes across because it's like um and you let me know if I getting this correct but it's almost like there's like two different categories of playbooks that you have you have the playbooks that are very executional which is like it's a single task and it's like here's how you do the task. It's the full instructions and that's what we spent the majority of this conversation speaking about is these like very executional playbooks. On the other hand, you then have the manager playbooks which is almost like overseeing all of these individual tasks, all the these executional playbooks and then defining the handoffs and like and so when you describe your morning routine, it makes sense what you say about like you have to start from the ground up, which is you probably have a playbook for how um the agent should triage and check your email. And then as an example, you might have another playbook for how it looks on your Slack in the morning and like checks certain channels and puts that all in one place. Then there could be another playbook for like how it analyzes. One thing that I always do, I love doing like voice dumps like uh I'll just speak into my phone. Yeah. Yeah. >> Um, you could have another playbook for how it does that analysis, but the manager playbook would kind of be bringing all of these different things together and like running them in the right way so that it gives you then one >> so that you're working with the manager instead of needing to work with all the individual playbooks. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Um, yeah. Yeah. And actually even just like something that could be helpful for people as you're like thinking about this is um you can also have like multi-level management, right? So you could have like um like this is an example that we use for planning out um some of our like client deliverables. We have a strategist playbook that goes and decides all of the tasks and adds those to our task tool. And then we have our triager style playbook that every day is looking at the task tool and saying, "Is there anything due today? If so, let me uh assign it to the playbook that's going to run it." And then whenever it's done, it uh goes and comments back on the task tool, changes the status >> to complete, and then it's done. >> Yeah. >> Um so, and all of that, I know that sounds like a lot, but it really all just starts from bottom up, like building out the individual playbooks that can do the work. And then you at some point are like, "Huh, I can playbook the fact that I'm getting the AI do the work." And then you keep going up and up and up. >> Yeah. >> And it's >> it's like you're you're constantly replacing yourself almost in the process. >> Yes. Which is how people build businesses. >> Companies. Yeah. >> Yeah. This is it's not a it's not really that unique when you get into it. It's not really about AI. It's really about operations. >> Yeah. >> That's why it's so doable because it's it's about the way you structure the work. >> Yeah. you know, and and it takes us all the way back to that first thing you mentioned of like operating with AI. Um, is it's not actually that much different to how humans build organizations. It's just now we're operating with AI in that process. You know what, Rachel, before we get out of here, because even as I um listen and even as we've had the conversation, the thing that comes across to me is you can see very quickly how this would just save a lot of time and help someone be more productive. But then also on the other hand, it's it can actually get complex quite quickly or seemingly like complex quite quickly. And so before we leave this conversation, I think about the person at home that's like inspired by what we've spoken about and like the ideas for even what they could play book is starting to fire off in their mind and like if they're listening to this at the beginning of the week or in the middle of their week and they maybe have like a free evening or uh they have like a Saturday afternoon free, they have a few hours, I think that like first action and starting to build momentum is so important. And so if you were speaking to someone that's listening to this, what would you say is the actions or the next set of actions that they should take immediately having listened to this conversation that's going to be like that first step that gets them to that reality that we spoke about in the beginning where they're operating with AI to either like it's helping them in their business, making more money, saving them time, be more productive. What is it that you would have them do immediately after listening to this conversation? >> Well, there's some very easy wins, which is like I'd love to share the template um walk through today so people can just run that playbook, right? Like steal mine, start running it so you can start seeing how this works. And then I think just going through make a list of like 10 ideas you have for playbooks and pick whichever one you feel like is going to be the easiest and start there and just you can easily get that first one that first iteration done in an afternoon. But I actually think the thing that I've seen now from helping people really shift their mindset like this isn't an overnight you're going to have all these systems that are magically running. Um, instead it's really about figuring out why why are you doing it? What are you trying to unlock for yourself? Is it because you're an entrepreneur and you want to be able to grow your business and have AI be the way that you helps you do that or, you know, do you want to spend more time with your kids or like what is your why? because that's going to be what is going to help you actually like stick with it and take action um to learn how to shift your mindset and work this way. So, I wouldn't shy away from or think of this just as a skill. I would really lean into like why am I doing this? Why am I putting time in this? And lean into the fact it's going to take time uh to get really good at this. So, yeah. >> Yeah. But it's so doable. It's so doable um for anybody. You don't need a tech background. Um, and I just I hope that if there's like one person that then listens to this and takes action like that, that to me is uh exactly what it takes. So, >> yeah. Well, first of all, Rachel, you've been amazing. And it's funny actually, something that I said to uh Ally at the end of our recording, one of the things that I just enjoy about doing this show and these conversations, getting to speak with people like yourself is just the level of like passion and energy that you have for it. And I think that that starts with like the people that you're speaking with, the people that you're working with, even people that consume your content, the effect that it actually has on people's lives in terms of getting back time and being more productive. So yeah, just a big thank you, Rachel, for coming here and sharing everything that you have. >> Well, thank you. This is really fun and I'm uh I'm really excited. So, if you enjoyed this conversation and you want to hear even more stories like this, then just click here. And also, my team is going to put some more videos that you can watch here. Thank you.